our next exercise raises the bar back
with spring at the top exercise lived in
the buttock line on back the pieces and
one of the most effective ways to group
smart and the traffic but here walk the
earth maximum and comes to do the
exercise you need a fitness mag and
comfortable shoes to avoid slipping feet
on the floor you can do the exercise
your own weight or use ways in a double
or purple light on your back hip as
close as possible to the party apprise
the floor awarding
you are performing the exercise your own
way then place your hand
sighs found down keep of your view of
the floor and eat sleep up the most of
keeping your back straight at the top of
the society foul and speak to three
seconds marry me - we'll each exercise
straining your s try not to use the
power of the feet start to lecture after
the kg power slowly return back to
original Malaysia because we do without
the way then perform it at least 20
times and this is 3/4 approach okay
let's stop 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
yes and 10 9 8 7
six five and four three two and one
okay we do eat more than two or three
times